Make note about where the feature was moved more specific. (#3789)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/text-fragments/index.md

```

{% Aside %}

>   From Chrome&nbsp;80 to Chrome&nbsp;85, the `fragmentDirective` property was defined on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  From Chrome&nbsp;80 to Chrome&nbsp;85, the `fragmentDirective` property was defined on
```

```

{% Aside %}

>   From Chrome 80 to Chrome 85, the `fragmentDirective` property was on 
>   `window.location.fragmentDirective`. For details on this change, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  From Chrome&nbsp;80 to Chrome&nbsp;85, the `fragmentDirective` property was defined on 
  `Location.prototype`. For details on this change, see
```
